feat(content): Gegno Intro & Corroboration feedback & other adjustments (#11748)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/gegno I corroboration.txt

		not "Gegno Intervention: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter

> 		dialog `Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message on your communications device. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`

Reviewer: This dialog implies that it's still a landing mission, since it references departing from a planet.

> 		dialog `Upon departure from <origin>, you receive an incoming message on your communications device. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`

Author: ```suggestion
		dialog `There is an incoming message on your communications device. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from the Quarg that is named Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`
```

		not "Gegno Intervention: offered"
		not "Gegno Genocide Defense: offered"
	on enter

> 		dialog `As you are piloting the <flagship>, you receive an incoming message on your communications device. "Greetings, human <first> <last>. This message is from Adrauni. Return to <planet> at the first opportunity given to you."`

Reviewer 2: This seems somewhat confusing. When is the player not piloting their flagship?
